MILESTONES

Week 8

	Create Zone Model View and Controllers
	
		This will prototype the model, view and controllers for the Zone, as well as the Main Activity, and the ModifyZone activity.

		Once this is done, we will be able to use a similar solution for Plants, Plantings, and Tasks.


Week 9 (Deliver week 8 and week 9)

		
	Save and Load Data in a File
	
		The user's data will be saved to a file, when a change is made, and loaded from a file when the program is launched.
		
Week 10

	Create Plants Model, View, and Controllers 
		
		This should be similar to the zone, except that the user will input more, and there will be a HashMap to store the different plants. Also, the plants will be presented to the user in some sort of list view.
		
		We will need to learn to implement user interactions with the listview. This may involve a sub-activity to modify a specific plant.
		
		
Week 11 (Deliver week 10 and 11)

	Create Plantings MVC
	
		This will be similar to the previous step, except that a Planting will contain a Plant. We'll need to work through that, and then store Plantings in a TreeMap, and the same sort of interactive listview we used with Plant.
		
		There should also be a way to view a Plant from a Planting. The Planting should probably hold a reference to a plant, or hold the plant's name so it can be looked up.

		
Week 12
		
	Create Tasks MVC
		
		This will be similar to Plantings, except that tasks will be held in two TreeMaps, one for pending tasks, and one for completed tasks. 
		
		Also, there will be logic to update tasks, and logic to generate tasks that are needed for plantings.
		
		There should also be a way to view a planting from a task.
		
Week 13 (Delivery week 12 and 13)
		
	Set up alerts (Stretch)
		
		There should be alerts for tasks. Maybe the app will just alert the user to check the task list, or maybe the alerts will contain specific information, or maybe calendar entries will be sent to the calendar.
		
		
Testing

	Our sponsor will test each milestone as it is completed, and provide feedback. 
	
Quality Assurance

	We will meet once a week to review the modules that have been deployed, and any changes that are needed. 